tntcxx Getting Started documentation (#5)
tarantool/tntcxx: README.rst

> tntcxx

Reviewer: The header is quite meaningless in the context of our documentation website. Let's give it a proper title.

Client itself is not enough to work with Tarantool instances, so let's
also create connection objects. Connection takes buffer and network
provider as template parameters as well (note that they must be the same
as ones of client):

.. code-block:: c

   Connection<Buf_t, Net_t> conn(client);

Connecting
~~~~~~~~~~

Now assume Tarantool instance is listening ``3301`` port on localhost.
To connect to the server we should invoke ``Connector::connect()``
method of client object and pass three arguments: connection instance,
address and port.
``int rc = client.connect(conn, address, port)``.

Error handling
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Implementation of connector is exception free, so we rely on return
codes: in case of fail, ``connect()`` will return ``rc < 0``. To get
error message corresponding to the last error happened during
communication with server, we can invoke ``Connection::getError()``
method:

.. code-block:: c

   if (rc != 0) {
       assert(conn.status.is_failed);
       std::cerr << conn.getError() << std::endl;
   }

To reset connection after errors (clean up error message and connection
status), one can use ``Connection::reset()``.

Preparing requests
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> To execute simplest request (i.e. ping), one can invoke corresponding

Reviewer: Does "i.e." mean ["that is"](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/i.e.) or "for example"?

```suggestion
To execute a simplest request (for example, ping), one can invoke corresponding
```

method of connection object:
``rid_t ping = conn.ping();``

Each request method returns request id, which is sort of future. It
can be used to get the result of request execution once it is ready
(i.e. response). Requests are queued in the input buffer of connection
until ``Connector::wait()`` is called.

Sending requests
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

That said, to send requests to the server side, we should invoke
``client.wait()``:

.. code-block:: c

   client.wait(conn, ping, WAIT_TIMEOUT);

Basically, ``wait()`` takes connection to poll (both IN and OUT),

> request id and optionally timeout (in milliseconds) parameters. once

Reviewer: ```suggestion
request id and optionally timeout (in milliseconds) parameters. Once
```

response for specified request is ready, ``wait()`` terminates. It also
provides negative return code in case of system related fails (e.g.
broken or time outed connection). If ``wait()`` returns 0, then response
is received and expected to be parsed.

Receiving responses
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> To get the response when it is ready, we can use

Reviewer: In my opinion, it's best to consistently write "we can use", or "one can use", or just "use".

> ``Connection::getResponse()``. It takes request id and returns optional

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``Connection::getResponse()``. It takes the request id and returns an optional
```

object containing response (``nullptr`` in case response is not ready
yet). Note that on each future it can be called only once:
``getResponse()`` erases request id from internal map once it is
returned to user.

.. code-block:: c

   std::optional<Response<Buf_t>> response = conn.getResponse(ping);

> Response consists of header and body (``response.header`` and
> ``response.body``). Depending on success of request execution on server
> side, body may contain either runtime error(s) (accessible by
> ``response.body.error_stack``) or data (tuples)
> (``response.body.data``). In turn, data is a vector of tuples. However,

Reviewer: This paragraph is heavy on parentheses, which make it harder to read. 

Also, it would be good to know the data type of ``error_stack``. Is it also a vector?

```suggestion
Response consists of ``response.header`` and ``response.body``.
In an unsuccessful request, body contains a _____ of runtime errors in 
``response.body.error_stack``.
In a successful request, body contains the request data:
``response.body.data``. Data is a vector of tuples. However,
```

tuples are not decoded and come in form of pointers to the start and end
of msgpacks. See section below to understand how to decode tuples.

Data manipulation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Now let's consider a bit more sophisticated requests. Assume we have

> space with ``id = 512`` and following format on the server:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a space with ``id = 512`` and the following format on the server:
```
